---
sidebar_position: 1
---

```bb```

To list all available commands in bb-cli

```bb login```

To log in to Appblocks Account.

```bb logout```

To log out from Appblocks Account.

```bb use/bb use space_name```

To connect with or to switch space context.

```bb connect <service>```

To connect source control provider (organization/personal account) with CLI to create, sync and manage repositories.

eg: `bb connect github`

Currently, we only support GitHub.

```bb disconnect <service>```

To remove source control connection from bb-cli

eg: `bb disconnect GitHub`

```bb config```

To list, delete & set configuration details of bb-cli

```bb init <package_name>```

Used to create a package block.

eg: `bb init todo_package_app`

```bb  create <component>```

Used to create a block; UI, Function, or Shared Block. This command will prompt you to choose the type of block. It will also create a sample template.

```bb start / bb start <block_name>```

To run all blocks/individual blocks separately.

```bb stop / bb stop <block_name>```

To kill a running block

```bb sync```

To sync already created block/s to Appblocks Registry for the first time. OR

To register/re-register locally available blocks.

```bb ls```

To see the list of all blocks in a package context and their details.

If you pass the -g option to show all the blocks in the machine when inside a package context.

```bb log <block_name>```

Read and Display logs generated by Live blocks.

```bb flush```

To remove the logs generated by bb-cli.

```bb create-version  <block_name>```

To attach a version to a block release.

```bb publish <block_name>```

To release a version to Appblocks Store.

```bb publish <block_name>```

To release a version to Appblocks Store.

```bb pull <block_name>```

To pull a block from the blocks registry. Also used to pull purchased blocks. This will also prompt users if they want to create it as a variant block.

```bb exec <block_name>```

To run custom commands inside all block directories

```bb push <block_name>```

To push the changes to the repo for a block. With -f flag, it will push all the blocks in a package context.

```bb add-tag```

To add a tag to a particular block. Tags are needed for discoverability in the block store.

```bb add-categories```

To add categories to a particular block. Categories are needed for proper searchability in the block store.

```bb create-app```

To create an app in the selected space. The block of code will be provisioned with the app as well. This will create an app.config.json in the root of the block.

```bb start-job [block name]```

To start a job block in the local machine. It will be started as a cron job.

```bb stop-job [block name]```

To stop the job for a block. Removes the cronjob.

```bb pr  <block-name>```

To raise PR to a block pulled as a forked variant.

```bb update-language-version <block-name>```

To update or add new language versions supported by the block

```bb list-language-version <block-name>```

To list all language versions supported by the block

```bb delete <block-name>```

To delete the block from the registry.

```bb deploy <block-name>```

To deploy the block to the configured cloud infrastructure. Currently, appblocks supports easy deploy to AWS container infrastructure.

```bb delete-app```

To delete an app

```bb provision-app <appId>```

To provision an app to a package block context

```bb create-env```

To create an environment for the provisioned app. You can create any number of environments now. Normally, it's good to create dev, test, stage, and prod environments.

```bb upload [block_name]```

To upload the source code registry, after which the user can run the deploy command to use that uploaded version of source code to deploy the same in infrastructure.